[DOC] Add session clustering comment to encryptionKey (#27358)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

An arbitrary string of 32 characters or more that is used to encrypt credentials
in a cookie. It is crucial that this key is not exposed to users of {kib}. By
default, a value is automatically generated in memory. If you use that default

> behavior, all sessions are invalidated when {kib} restarts or using session clustering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behavior, all sessions are invalidated when {kib} restarts. Additionally, high-availability deployments of {kib} will behave unexpectedly if this setting isn't the same for all instances of Kibana.
```
